my name is Ariel and I hate trilogies
and series and in my opinion most books
should remain stand-alones now before I
go into my read because this will be her
friend
I want to put a little disclaimer
obviously I don't mean all series there
are loads of exceptions for example
Harry Potter was only one book I would
be a very depressed human but my point
still stands I am sick and tired that
every book that I see is book one in a
new trilogy or a new series and I want
this to stop and this is especially true
for Wyatt publishing a book it's
actually a pretty pretentious thing to
do hear me out
you're saying that you think your work
is so powerful so heartfelt so emotional
so good that people should go out and
spend money to buy a glue together
packet of your ideas and then spend time
to read those ideas you can't do that
unless you're a little bit proud of
yourself and I'm not saying that's bad I
think that's great I think it's
fantastic that authors all over the
world think you know what I like my idea
I think this is a good idea and I want
to share this with people I think that's
good but then I think that people make a
fatal mistake they take a good idea and
they get cocky they think you know this
this idea is better than I thought this
this idea is really good this idea is so
good it should be a trilogy no it
shouldn't be a trilogy it has to be a
trilogy no no no just no and so here's
my main point it's kind of harsh but in
my opinion it's true I don't think that
most of the ideas out there are good
enough to be trilogies or series now
don't get me wrong there are lots of
series and trilogies that do deserve to
be more than one book for example Harry
Potter
Lord of the Rings Game of Thrones these
are ideas and concepts so complex that
it would literally be a disservice to
Everett for it to only be one book
however one interesting point to note is
that junior art Okun didn't want the
Lord of the Rings to be a trilogy he
wrote it and he wanted it to be
published as one book it was his
publisher that said no we should publish
this as a trilogy I think junior art
Okun was right yeah that book would be
massive it would be quite an epic task
to finish that but imagine when you
finish it imagine while you're reading
it you're reading an entire epic journey
you are reading an epic idea and it's
better that way it's better in my
opinion that if you have a good idea
keep it as a good idea keep it together
why do so many authors and publishers
feel that they need to stretch out their
ideas I mean I don't want to say it but
it's probably true that a big part of
this is publishers thinking though I
think we could sell this I think we
could sell three books instead of just
one why can't we have bigger books
bigger books with bigger adventures and
better character development where it's
not choppy because you're cutting it
into a bunch of books where you just
have one awesome story I wish that
authors and publishers would stop being
so conceited would start being more
critical and would start cutting out all
of the unnecessary stuff and give us
actually well compacted well told
stories I wish they would realize that
sometimes it's better to have a big bang
than it is to have a slow simmer I'll
see you guys in my next video bye